Bound the IceGrid Activator fork-child file-descriptor close loop (#6064)
zeroc-ice/ice: changelog.d/service-icegrid/5843.md

> - Fixed a node-wide activation stall in the IceGrid node when running with an unlimited file-descriptor limit.

Reviewer: On Linux the soft limit can never actually be unlimited (the kernel rejects any `RLIMIT_NOFILE` above `fs.nr_open`), so "unlimited" describes the configuration (`LimitNOFILE=infinity`) rather than the effective limit:

```suggestion
- Fixed a node-wide activation stall in the IceGrid node when running with a very large file descriptor limit (such as `LimitNOFILE=infinity` under systemd).
```

Author: 🤖 **Claude:** Applied in d626d2dea8 — the fragment now reads "very large file descriptor limit (such as `LimitNOFILE=infinity` under systemd)".

> - Fixed a node-wide activation stall in the IceGrid node when running with a very large file descriptor limit (such as `LimitNOFILE=infinity` under systemd).

Reviewer: Nit: use 120 columns

Author: 🤖 **Claude:** Wrapped in 9b6e2c3311 — the fragment now breaks at ≤120 columns, with the continuation line indented two spaces to match the sibling fragments.
